Release 0.8.0 (#37)
maykinmedia/django-digid-eherkenning: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

0.8.0 (2023-06-21)
==================

Feature release

* Added configurable Content-Type header for DigiD SAML

> * Implemented dynamic Level Of Assurance (LOA), using the global configuration defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implemented a way to override the global configuration defaults for Level Of Assurance (LOA)
```

Reviewer: Oh and should we mention the removal of the metadata generation functions from `views.eherkenning`?
